we came to Charlotte for that whole
weekend we were we were ready to go we
were set up everything was working just
right and that day I mean we had we had
the good Domenic our that just didn't
win the race
for me checking up getting into boat on
Earnhardt beat the spike when that
starts the whole deal
flavored every way I tried to pass
Earnhardt you know he was there cut off
or this or that or whatever in and he
just got to be a frustrating afternoon
Eliot goes inside and ernhardt still got
the lead
I mean about Amanda's funny Maotai was
funny mouth I mean there would have been
no ifs ands and buts about it you know
he runs through the grass does a heck of
a job saving the car I mean most people
probably spun out but but Dale was
probably one of the hardest guys you
would ever get to you know he had a
pretty good knack of keeping the car
going in the right direction but the
worst part to the whole deal was coming
off turn two he pulls down and lets me
on outside and I'm thinking this is not
where I want to be and he hits me he
runs me up the racetrack and then it
cuts down my left rear tire and that's
what really really really upset me that
particular day was he meant to take me
out
now look at him
I'll have something else you know boot
be lost fun at night five car out and
cause the big mess need to come up and
try to spin me out twice I didn't take
it that predictor today I just got fed
up with the whole feel the way I looked
at things if I couldn't pass a guy fair
and square and win the race I need to go
back and work on my stuff harder no I
didn't need to move the guy all the way
to win the race